Hi everybody and welcome back.
Now this just a quick lecture to catch up on something that I said I would do in a previous lecture
but then promptly forgot which I often do.
We're going to add in some comments to the code we wrote in our previous lecture.
So what I have here is the code from our last lecture which is our birthday months and let's just start
off at the top.
So we're just going to put in
and we're just going to put in today's day 24 of the 10th 2016 and for American friends you can write
that the way where you're going to put in some more comments here.
And we're just going to put it in the author which is me Tony Stuart I'm just going to play in the name
of our program
and we're going to say anything less or we should say how do you know how to edit lists OK.
Now let's move down to our code and let's have a sort of first line was in months and we created a list.
So let's add uncomment here
creating a list of months.
Perfect.
Now our next line
was printing
our list.
Now just a quick note on comments here.
You don't want to be overzealous with your comments so you don't have to comment absolutely everything
because it's a beginner's course.
I'm just going to write a comment on the print statement but for experienced programmers comment here
is probably not necessary.
And then the next piece of code where you have changing an element E.A. of our list.
Perfect.
I won't come into print statement here because we've already done that previously.
Now next comment using the append method.
Perfect.
Again we won't comment the print statement.
We'll add in the comment here and that comment is creating an empty list.
The next piece our comment.
Well we've already used the append method.
So we'll just keep going down and we'll add in a comment here and we'll say using the insert method
excellent.
And then finally we have our delete statement and we'll just adding a comment here using the delete
statement.
Perfect.
So now when somebody reviews this code or if we were to send it on to somebody they would know when
the code was written who was written by and what the name and program is.
And wrote our code then we have a set of let We have a set of comments which tells people what each
section of code does.
Now as you learn more and your knowledge of Python increased You may not have to common that you may
not have to make such obvious comments but because we're all beginners here it's necessary but we'll
adapt as we learn and move forward.
Thank you and I'll see you in the next lecture.